Hello, my name is Paul McAllister and
Now I will show you how to do
effective feints fifa 14 and first
tricks will stop the sword
yeah i just stop the sword you don't
misheard this amazingly quality
find fifa 14 guys this movie is very
idle time you just have to push one
button foreheads your player becomes sharply
confusing while your opponent this
trick is usually used to change
driving directions or subsequent
throwing stop with the ball can
perform absolutely any player fifa 14
and the next trick we will have eiden
maghidi spin
to make this trick right click
stick forward and then to either side
with the lt key pressed
but sometimes it happens that even
five star players instead of magicians
Bisping is obtained berbatov spin and
by the way until the coffin to spin is done
absolutely the same as the mcgidi back but y
four star players and this trick
as you already understood serve to change
running directions follow up
we will have a movie called zidane
spin or turn zidane to make
This trick reject the right stick back on
the player’s attitude towards the goal and then
turn either clockwise or against
an hour hand is needed
you hold down the l button and so the following
tricks we will have a rainbow
ordinary rainbow she allows
throw the goalkeeper throw
several players but she is not so
effectively as we say zidan back but in
anyway it looks very beautiful
we will analyze how it is done right click
stick backwards then twice forward and
you will have a rainbow
and now we will have the most often
used find fifa 14
this false swing is done this trick
very simple press the button first
strike and then press the pass button
or press the overhang button first
In this button, the pass button is the same
same
but if you are in your own half
fields then if you hit the strike button you
hit I will put therefore a combination with
punch need only be used on
half of the opponent's field on this all
subscribe to the channel with you was the floor
McAllister like and comment
see you